luckily today yeah
yes the Air Swimmer right let's go over
here to the balloon counter show
everybody all this stuff over here this
place got balloons like crazy see all
those balloons well I think we better
wait here right to fill up the balloon
yeah if you're having a Hawaiian tiki
party that'd be pretty cool let's bring
our balloon over here yep we'll blow
that up that's going to be a lot isn't
it gonna be a lot of healing hello um
it's a Air Swimmer it's quite large I
don't know what the helium how much
helium that'll take but it's a lot of
excited yeah okay look at this other
stuff while he's blowing it up alright
let's go over here and see look they got
more stuff for a tiki party our beach
party kind of cool look how big this
star look how long these these Isles are
guys place is huge
woah gonna watch it we're going to like
tie it down in the back of the car so it
doesn't fly everywhere
you got more balloons over here it does
doesn't it
there goes almost there
awesome they look cool that is great it
is some sort of temporary stream to get
it all with you just tight kind of loose
because we have to take it off I think
when we put it together you excited
thank you you can be able to hold onto
the thing or is it going to pull you up
into the atmosphere
alright alright start one by and we'll
see in the next one we'll see when we
get back home right